Add more info on overlap reporting (#610)
ropensci/dev_guide: pkg_building.Rmd

## Documentation

### General {#building-general}

* All exported package functions should be fully documented with examples.

> * If there is potential overlap or confusion with other packages providing similar functionality or having a similar name, add a note in the README, main vignette and potentially the Description field of DESCRIPTION. Example in [rtweet README](https://docs.ropensci.org/rtweet/), [rebird README](https://docs.ropensci.org/rebird/#auk-vs-rebird), not rOpensci [slurmR](https://uscbiostats.github.io/slurmR/index.html#vs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If there is potential overlap or confusion with other packages providing similar functionality or having a similar name, add a note in the README, main vignette and potentially the Description field of DESCRIPTION. Examples in [rtweet README](https://docs.ropensci.org/rtweet/), [rebird README](https://docs.ropensci.org/rebird/#auk-vs-rebird), and the non-rOpensci package [slurmR](https://uscbiostats.github.io/slurmR/index.html#vs).
```
